# James-Foo-restaurant
BAHAGIAN PEPERIKSAAN DAN PENILAIAN JABATAN PENDIDIKAN POLITEKNIK DAN KOLEJ KOMUNITI KEMENTERIAN PENGAJIAN TINGGI JABATAN TEKNOLOGI MAKLUMAT DAN KOMUNIKASI PENILAIAN ALTERNATIF BERIKUTAN PELAKSANAAN PERINTAH KAWALAN BERSYARAT SESI DISEMBER 2020 KOD KURSUS: DFP40023 – VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING NAMA PENYELARAS KURSUS : YUVANES A/P KUPPAN KAEDAH PENILAIAN : PEPERIKSAAN ONLINE JENIS PENILAIAN : SOALAN SUBJEKTIF  (1 SOALAN) TARIKH PENILAIAN : 02 JULAI 2021 TEMPOH PENILAIAN : 2 JAM LARANGAN TERHADAP PLAGIARISM (AKTA 174) PELAJAR TIDAK BOLEH MEMPLAGIAT APA-APA IDEA, PENULISAN, DATA ATAU CIPTAAN ORANG LAIN. PLAGIAT ADALAH SALAH SATU PENYELEWENGAN AKADEMIK. SEKIRANYA PELAJAR DIBUKTIKAN MELAKUKAN PLAGIARISM, PENILAIAN BAGI KURSUS BERKENAAN AKAN DIMANSUHKAN DAN DIBERI GRED F DENGAN NILAI MATA 0. (RUJUK BUKU ARAHAN-ARAHAN PEPERIKSAAN DAN KAEDAH PENILAIAN (Diploma) EDISI 6, JUN 2019, KLAUSA 17.3) SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 INFORMATION &amp; COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT DECEMBER 2020 FINAL ASSESSMENT: PRACTICAL TEST (ONLINE) SET 1 COURSE CODE DFP40233 COURSE NAME VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING DURATION 2 HOURS CLO CLO 1: Construct the Visual Basic Program by using.NET frameworks in developing windows application (P4, PLO3) INSTRUCTION: This section consists of ONE (1) structured question. Answer the question. QUESTION 1 The pandemic Covid-19 had made all the business to do online servings and sellings. James Foo restaurant has come up with an online ordering system for limited menus during this pandemic. Create the system as required below:- Requirements: 1. Use Microsoft Visual Studio to construct the Visual Basic program by using .NET frameworks in developing windows application. 2. Use the pictures in the media file folder given to develop the forms. You are Not Allowed to use your own media files or pictures, however. Steps: 1. You need to create TWO (2) forms.  Form1 = User Login Form  Form2 = Menu Order Form 2. Form1 is the Login Form. The interface is as shown below:- textbox picturebox label button SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 3. You can use your own creativity on developing and design the interface but only with using the media files given. 4. Use if….else statement to set the username and password in your coding, example username = yuva and password = 1234. If wrong username of password is entered, then a pop-up message will be shown to the user. 5. Change the password to be not visible to users as shown below. If both username and password is correct, then a pop-up message will be shown as below. protected SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 6. Add an exit button in if user wants to log out from login. A message will pop-up as below when user click the button exit.  7. Users will be directed to Form2 after the Login is successful. The interface for Form2 is as below:- 8. In the Form2 or Order Form, the name entered in Form1 must be called and shown as below:- groupbox radiobutton combobox SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 9. Use Radiobutton &amp; GroupBox to set the Menus. In the Quantity box, user will enter the quantity of food they selected in Menus. Example: User chooses Salad and want to order 2 set of Salads, and then user will enter 2 at the quantity box. 10. Use ComboBox so that users will be given choices of delivery whether they want to pick up or delivered to home. Delivery to home will add up addition price of RM20.00. 11. Write the arithmetic statements for menus and mode of delivery to match with the user’s choice to calculate the total price. 12. The sample of user input is as below:- 13. After the button Order is clicked, in the Menu Ordered box, call back the Menus name and quantity entered by the user. Example: You have selected 2 set of Salad. 14. Also, at the same time, Payment box will show the total price calculated based on the users choice. Define the calculation clearly, in your coding. Example: User Choose 2 set Salad with Home Delivery, so; Total Price is: (RM15.00 * 2) + RM20.00 = RM50.00. SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 15. The total price must be in decimal point, e.g: RM 50.00. 16. Add an Exit button so that the users can exit with a pop-up message as shown below:- SULIT DFP40233 VISUAL BASIC PROGRAMMING/SET 1 SUBMISSION PROCEDURE: Please follow the below instruction carefully. 1. Copy your coding, design interface and outputs to the Microsoft Word file that is given. 2. Save your Microsoft Word in pdf format file as yournomatriks_4A.pdf for DDT4A or yournomatriks_4B.pdf for DDT4B. 3. Create a folder and zip file all the items below:- a. Answer sheet in pdf format b. sln* file 4. Submit the compressed zip.file in the CIDOS link given. ATTACHMENT A Folder with Media Files/Pictures Answer Sheet via Microsoft Word Fil
